V3 updates (#24)
jojo2357/kiwix-zim: README.md

```

UPDATE: If you decide not to install via a git clone, you can still use this script, however, it will just skip the update check and continue on.
NOTE: if you are not tracking the `main` branch, the update check will be skipped. So if you do not want to get updates, but like git, just track the commit of your choosing.

## Usage

```text
  Usage: ./kiwix-zim.sh <options> /full/path/
  
      /full/path/                Full path to ZIM directory
  
  Options:
      -c, --calculate-checksum   Verifies that the downloaded files were not corrupted, but can take a while for large downloads.
      -f, --verify-library       Verifies that the entire library has the correct checksums as found online.

>                                  For this reason, a file `library.sha256` will be left in your library for running sha256sum manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                 N.B. a file `library.sha256` will be left in your library regardless of this option, so that the -f option will run offline if requesed
```
If you accept this edit, you would also need to make it in the script's option list as well.
